>> Hi.
It's James here
from "Food Matters."
And I'm here today with
Liana from "The Earth Diet"
and also, her new book,
"Cancer Free With Food."
Today, we're going to be
talking about the top 15
foods you can eat to help
prevent and reverse cancer.
This is going to be something
you do not want to miss.
It is a disease that touches
just about every family
and person on this planet.
And to learn how to use
nutrition to nourish your body
is one of the most
important tips
you can have to help prevent
cancer in your family.
I hope you enjoy this interview.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Liana, how you doing?
>> Good.
Thanks so much for having me.
>> I'm excited to chat.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm excited, but I also want
to take a little bit of gravity
to this conversation, because
cancer is something that
affects everybody.
There's nobody on
this planet that
doesn't have a relative
or a loved one or somebody
they know who has been
touched by cancer.
I know that within the
"Food Matters" community,
this has been a big topic
for a number of years.
We've supported different events
and we have many documentaries
on FMTV that cover this topic.
And increasingly, we
hear more and more
about how powerful food can
be to help prevent and fight
cancer.
Tell me, what was
it that gave you
the impetus or the inspiration
to wanted to write this book
and start specializing, from
a nutritional perspective,
on this topic?
>> Yeah.
Well, I was first touched
by cancer from a young age.
So both of my grandparents
passed away from cancer.
And also, I grew up in Alice
Springs, in outback Australia.
So from age 5 is
when I can remember
being taught about nutrition
and about food and healing.
And basically, the
Aboriginals believe
that you can heal anything.
So if whatever sickness
or whatever is going on,
in the Aboriginal community,
you could get together
and you could heal that with
prayer and also with food,
and so their whole concept
as food as medicine.
So from a young age,
that was instilled in me.
And of course, in the
Aboriginal community,
what is the cancer rate?
0%.
And so all of these things
clicked from a very early age.
And then I watched
my grandfather,
who had an opposite diet.
He would eat McDonald's
and milkshakes and popcorn
and lollies and
chocolate, and you know,
he was obese and then eventually
passed away from cancer.
So then the next time I
was touched with cancer
it was when I moved
to Brisbane City.
I went to university
and I started
to indulge in a fast food, junk
food, processed food lifestyle,
and I quickly became
very addicted to it.
So if I craved gummy bears for
breakfast, that's what I ate.
I would eat chocolate for lunch.
I would eat pizza,
McDonald's, KFC,
like every type of junk food
I was craving, I would eat.
And I did that every day for
five years until I myself
ended up in hospital with a
golf ball sized lump in my neck.
And so the doctors did a
biopsy, and results came back,
which is on my website,
and I had a 3.7 centimeter
tumor in my lymphatic system,
so very early stages of cancer.
And at the time, I was obviously
grateful it wasn't stage four.
They weren't like, you're
going to die next week.
But I was like, whoa, this
is a major wake up call.
Now I actually need to
go back to my roots,
apply everything I
learned as a child,
and actually get
healthy once and for all
and stop eating all this
food that has no nutritional
value at all.
So that's what I did, and
the first thing I did was I
started juicing.
So I thought, what's
the fastest way
to restore nutrition
back into my body
and pump nutrition
back into my cells?
Because I had knew
for so many years
I'd deprived myself
of nutrition.
So I learned about
vegetable juicing,
and I drank six
vegetable juices a day.
>> Game changer.
>> Yeah.
I mean, game changer,
life changer, wow.
I felt better on the first day.
It was amazing.
And then I also had to replace
all these cravings that I had.
So every time I had a
craving for something
like chocolate or chicken
nuggets, pizza, burgers,
I thought, OK, how
can I make this
in a much healthier natural way.
Because this was 10 years ago
and this was in Australia,
so we didn't have
like a big Whole Foods
we could just go to and get
organic peanut butter cups
or a like organic cookie dough.
So I got in the kitchen and
made everything from scratch,
and I started to heal
my body that way.
And after three months
of this, the tumor
was completely dissolved,
completely gone.
And I felt so energized.
I felt so much better.
And the next thing
I wanted to do
is share all of these
recipes and these foods
and these healing
tips with the world.
So that's what I've done
for the last decade.
>> It's in our darkness or it's
in this sort of language that
the body speaks to us that
we get signs about what to do
in our life I feel.
You know, it seems like your
calling has been to wake people
up from all demographics
on how powerful food
can be to transform the body.
So let's take this to a
granular sort of perspective,
this discussion.
Let's talk about
these types of foods
that you've done quite
a bit of research
on to put into the book.
This 15 foods you've listed in
here that I want to talk about.
First off is broccoli sprouts.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think, you know,
early on in the day,
when I was doing some research
for creating the "Food Matters"
documentary, I mean, sprouts
always stood out to me as like
a hyper powerful food.
Why broccoli sprouts
in particular?
>> Yeah.
So I wanted to find out
like, what is the number one
anticancer food on Earth?
And so I did so much
research into all the studies
that were out there and
the one that kept coming up
was broccoli sprouts, and
it's because broccoli sprouts
have a lot of sulforaphane.
And it's that compound
in broccoli sprouts,
that sulforaphane,
that kills cancer cells
and reduces tumors.
And they've actually
done a lot of studies
on mice and also
humans where they just
get the sulforaphane extract
from the broccoli sprouts
and inject it into tumors.
And I found that fascinating,
because every single tumor
reduced.
There was no tumor
that held its form when
injected with sulforaphane.
So what does that tell us?
It tells us that, you know, if
you're diagnosed with cancer,
you definitely want to
start consuming broccoli
sprouts every single day.
>> And how do you have them,
on a salad or straight up?
I mean, they're quite
peppery, right, from memory?
They got a little bit of a bite.
>> A little bit sour.
A little bit sour and peppery.
So my motto is like sprinkle
broccoli sprouts on everything.
>> Except breakfast cereal,
which you probably shouldn't be
eating breakfast cereal
when you're diagnosed
and you're trying to
prevent cancer anyway.
>> Yeah, exactly.
Or a different type
of breakfast cereal,
like a chia seed cereal.
I have a recipe for
that in my book.
>> There you go.
>> So I sprinkle it on if-- you
know, I'm a meat eater myself.
I'm mostly plant based, but
if someone is a meat eater,
definitely sprinkle broccoli
sprouts on everything.
Like if you're doing
chicken tenders or salmon,
you know, sprinkle it on there.
But also add it to
smoothies, that way
you can disguise the taste.
And also, juicing as well.
But a really great way to
take broccoli sprouts is
through supplements or
even a greens powder
and just mix it in
water, and then you
don't even taste it, you just
get it down and feel amazing.
>> That's cool.
But fresh is best always.
>> Fresh is always best.
Yep.
Going back to the
aboriginal standpoint
is if you can go out
to your own backyard
and pick it straight from
the bush or the tree, that
is going to be the most
nutrient dense, the most potent.
And it's also alive
with spirit too.
So we definitely
want to get fresh.
Fresh is always best, exactly.
>> That's cool.
Next up was turmeric.
>> Yes.
>> And why is it so powerful?
I know it's been
quite hot lately.
Everyone's into the turmeric
lattes or the turmeric chai
lattes.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're putting
turmeric in everything.
And they're staining
their favorite clothes,
because they're using
it in the kitchen
or juicing with it, which
makes you look like a smoker
when you have orange fingers.
>> Yeah, it really does.
>> So why is it so powerful,
and how do you use turmeric?
>> So it's an anti-inflammatory,
so that's one of its best
benefits.
And it's been studied so
much for all kinds of health
issues, but especially cancer.
So they researched that a
lot of people with cancer
are really inflamed.
So getting the body--
like taking that inflammatory
stuff out of the body
is obviously necessary
if someone has cancer,
so eating turmeric
can help with that.
So I eat turmeric by
adding it to my recipes.
So if I'm making eggs, I'll
sprinkle some on there.
I'll also put it
in a salad dressing
with some olive
oil and some lemon,
and make like a
turmeric salad dressing.
I'll also juice it,
put it in smoothies.
But I also love to
take supplements,
because it's not messy at all.
You know, you just get
it and get it down.
>> That's great.
I also, to add to
your ways of using it,
chop it up into tiny cubes
with ginger and garlic,
and use that as a base
for making a curry paste.
>> Ooh, love that.
>> You know, these Indian
curries are integrating a lot
of these types of
spices as well.
>> Yep.
Curry was the OG
for having turmeric,
so we can't forget about that.
Most traditional.
>> That's right.
Let's talk about the
next one, which I think
is broccoli, right?
>> So the third
one is blueberries.
>> Blueberries!
That's right.
OK, cool.
I've got the book
here too, so I can
reference that for next time.
Blueberries, cool.
I had some this morning.
I love blueberries.
>> Awesome.
>> Organic's important
with berries.
>> Very important.
>> So why blueberries?
>> So they're a super fruit,
and they have just so much
antioxidants.
They're said to have
more antioxidants
and vitamins than
any other fruit,
any other conventional fruit.
You know, there are
indigenous fruits out there
that we do talk about and
I talk about in the book,
like Kakadu plum
and stuff like that.
But in terms of like
a commercial fruit,
blueberries have
the highest amount
of antioxidants and
vitamins that they've found.
And it's also great
blood stabilizer.
And if someone's craving a lot
of sweets and a lot of candy,
blueberries can help
fulfill that craving.
>> That's cool.
And also, if you
can't buy fresh,
because they're out of
season where you are, mostly,
frozen blueberries are
almost everywhere now.
>> Everywhere in the
health food stores.
Yeah.
I also get fresh
ones, and if I'm not
able to eat the whole
batch before they go bad,
I'll put them in
the freezer too.
And that's always great
to throw in smoothies
or just eat as a snack
like a nice ice pop snack.
>> My boy loves eating frozen
blueberries, and it ends up--
anyway, I know what's
next, because I tripped up,
it was broccoli, right?
>> Yeah.
So number four is broccoli.
So also high in
sulforaphane, but not
as much as broccoli sprouts.
And just so, so healthy for us.
You know, so many
health benefits
from eating cruciferous
vegetables like cauliflower
and kale and broccoli.
So yeah, one of my favorite
ways to eat broccoli
is by making a broccoli
popcorn recipe.
So it's just massaging in
some nutritional yeast,
some olive oil, and some
sea salt into broccoli,
and then roasting
it for 25 minutes.
And it comes out so buttery.
And like popcorn, it just
like pops in your mouth.
It's delicious.
>> That's nice.
I've been experimenting
with broccoli, because it's
one of my favorite vegetables.
I like steaming it with
olive oil, lemon juice.
I also like frying
it a little bit
in some oil or a butter or
something, just a little bit.
There's so many
different ways you
can make broccoli taste good.
>> Yeah, totally.
>> Number five, flaxseed.
>> Flaxseed.
>> Old school.
>> Yeah.
I feel like flaxseed
turned around.
It's like the
original superfood.
>> Yeah.
The OG.
There's so many
studies on flaxseed
in regards to cancer,
especially with breast cancer.
So they did one study where they
put just a teaspoon of flaxseed
into a muffin and they
had women eat this muffin
every single day, and they
noticed a reduction in all
of their cancers just over
a matter of a few weeks.
So I didn't realize
flaxseeds were so powerful
until I was doing my research.
And so yeah,
flaxseeds are awesome.
So I'll add flaxseed
powder to muffins.
I make some great
anticancer muffins.
A recipe for that
is in the book.
And then also add
it to smoothies.
Or if I'm making some
grass fed beef balls,
I'll add it in there as well.
>> That's cool.
I feel like there's
this sort of stacking
the deck in your favor thing
happening in this conversation,
right?
So it's like if you can add
as many of these as possible
into your diet, you're
sort of like stacking up
the anticancer effects.
>> Yeah.
And you're reducing your
risk of ever getting cancer.
So that's the goal.
If someone who's watching
doesn't have cancer,
then you want to keep
your body cancer free.
So these are tools and
foods to help, you know,
make sure your risk of
getting cancer is always low.
But if someone does
have cancer, these
are all proven to help
kill those cancer cells.
>> Cool.
Number six, classic, dark,
leafy, green vegetables.
>> Yes.
>> I mean, this is
like grandma, right?
I feel like, you
know, eat your greens.
So which ones in particular?
Any that we should
like focus on?
>> So definitely collard
greens, kale, spinach.
Yeah.
And anything that grows
local in your area
that's dark and leafy green.
And this is because it's
high in chlorophyll.
So it's the chlorophyll,
when we consume
that, it goes into
our blood system
and it creates a lot of
oxygen, it alkalizes the body.
It makes the body feel very
positive and very alive.
And so after I
healed I said, you
know what, I'm
going to drink one
green juice every single
day for the rest of my life.
I thought, why not?
Why not consume
chlorophyll every day?
You know, it's not something
they teach us in school.
Like you need certain vitamins
and minerals and nutrients
every day as a human being,
I was never taught that.
But since my healing,
I was like, yeah,
that chlorophyll is going
in every single day.
So every day, I make sure to
get some green leafy vegetables
or a green juice or a smoothie,
or just a greens powder mixed
in water.
And I definitely
believe it helps
keep everything cancer free.
>> Cool.
And you've also got here
watercress on that list.
Ooh, I love some watercress.
>> Yeah, it's a good one.
That's a good one in salads too.
>> Romaine, not as dark you say,
but romaine's also delicious.
Parsley.
>> Parsley is a good
one, and cilantro.
>> Cilantro, or coriander,
as we know it in our country
of origin, right?
>> Coriander.
[LAUGHS]
>> OK.
Number seven, garlic.
>> Garlic.
Yep.
So garlic has a lot
of compounds that
have been proven to help
heal cancer, especially
bowel cancer.
So if someone doesn't like
the smell or the taste,
they can just take
garlic supplements
or, you know, just swallow
like one little clove
and it will just go
straight into the gut.
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa.
>> Like a gut bomb.
>> Swallow a clove a garlic.
First-- it's a first ever--
first ever, everybody
right here.
I've never done that before.
>> Oh really?
>> Is that a thing?
>> It is, yeah.
You have to try that.
>> So it's like
its own supplement.
>> It's like it's
like you're taking--
like popping a big pill.
>> Yeah.
Wow.
>> And it goes into your
gut and just explodes.
It's kind of like a garlic bomb.
Yeah.
>> OK, cool.
I might try that.
I love garlic.
I've juice garlic
before, done some things.
People don't
necessarily like that.
I can handle it.
>> Yeah.
Well, it doesn't have as
much of a smell if you just
swallow it whole, because it's
more straight into your body
than if you're juicing it.
But when my mom found out
she had breast cancer,
she started juicing
right away and she
put garlic into her
juice every single day.
She felt like that was really
helping to detox her body.
And yeah, my mom's been
cancer free now for six years.
So yay!
>> That's great.
Do you feel-- quick segue.
It's funny that, I mean,
you've helped your mom heal.
I've helped my father heal.
In a way, you know,
this sort of information
died off in the last generation
or two, and you know,
we're trying to bring it
back a little bit more.
>> Yeah, totally.
Well, when I read the new stats
on cancer is one in two men
are getting diagnosed
and one in three women
in their lifetime, in the
Western world, in America.
And that's just way too high.
You know, cancer is an epidemic.
Like it's just--
it's not something
that we need to suffer from.
It's awful.
You know, if you've
had cancer yourself
and gone through that mentally,
spiritually, emotionally, it
feels like hell
every single day.
And it's something that
we can prevent with food
and feel better with food.
So I think it's an
important message we need
to get out there to everyone.
Yeah.
>> I hear you.
Number eight here is mushrooms.
>> Mushrooms.
>> I've been hearing a
little bit about this lately.
I was recently chatting
with Ocean Robbins.
And there's a breast
cancer research lady here
I think in California
who talks about the power
that mushrooms and green
tea can have in combination.
And it wasn't even like
special medicinal mushrooms,
it was like every
type of mushroom.
>> Yeah.
>> So what mushrooms are you
talking about, everything?
>> Every mushroom, yeah.
I mean, the ones that
are edible, obviously.
So yeah.
I mean, there's so many
studies on mushrooms.
And they grow in the sun.
They're so connected to nature,
so many healing benefits.
So any kinds of mushrooms.
But someone should experiment
which mushrooms like really
work for them.
And also, mushrooms
aren't good for every body
type I've discovered also.
They are a top anti-cancer
food, but some bodies just
don't work that well with them.
So we have to
experiment and see.
>> Cool.
Also, I think--
I'm not sure if
this is the case,
but you know in the
doctrine of signatures,
you know how the tomato
looks like a heart?
The mushroom looks like
the breast tissue in a way.
Like the curve and the
little lines and things.
>> Yes.
So it's so good for women,
for sure, with breast cancer.
Yeah, I found that
study as well.
I love to drink mushroom
hot chocolate, actually.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah.
So it's a reishi infused
cacao with some coconut sugar,
or you know, no sugar for
people who want to cut that out.
And it's delicious.
You don't even
taste the mushroom,
but you're getting
those benefits.
Yeah.
>> Great.
Number nine, cacao.
Cacao!
>> Chocolate's on the list?
>> Chocolate is medicine.
Yes!
>> What type of chocolate?
>> OK, so it has to
be real pure cacao.
So this is cacao which is
just straight up cacao beans
without anything added to it.
So obviously, no emulsifiers,
no sugar, no dairy.
>> OK, so less
excitement everybody.
Less excitement.
Pull it back.
So it's just the
bitter, raw cacao.
Which you know, bitter medicine,
there's some truth in that,
right?
The bitter flavors, you
know, give us this indication
that there are some powerful
compounds in the food.
So--
>> Yep, some health happening.
>> So raw cacao?
>> But let's bring
the excitement back,
because there's lots
we can do with cacao,
and I actually have a lot of
chocolate recipes in this book.
And chocolate is- I say
juicing and chocolate were
my two main things
that helped me heal.
I've-- I had so much
chocolate when I was healing,
and that's because that really
helped me with the magnesium.
Helped to relax my
body, but also kept me
excited at the same time.
So I made chocolate
peanut butter cups,
but now, in the book, I say
make chocolate Sun Butter cups
instead.
You know, chocolate Sun Butter
pie, chocolate smoothies,
chocolate ice cream made
with cashews or almonds.
And there's so
many different ways
that we can use cacao powder.
And I found that cacao actually
has anti-tumor activities,
which was fascinating.
Because I've loved
chocolate for so long,
but to find out that it's
an actual functional food
and it's medicinal
is like, yes, now I
can have it-- keep having it
every single day for the rest
of my life as well.
>> Yeah, it's one of the most
complex foods on the planet.
And I mean, if
you're lucky enough
to live where it grows too
you can eat the cacao fruit
and direct from nature,
so that's exciting.
Number 10-- this one's
a bit of an outcast.
Bit of a newcomer to the scene.
Tiger nuts.
>> Tiger nuts!
Whoo!
>> Not really from a tiger
though, they're just--
>> Right.
>> No, they're not.
I know.
I don't know why our paleo
ancestors gave them that name.
I think because
they were like, oh,
let's make them
have conversations
about it in 200 years.
It'll be really funny.
But they're actually
not a nut at all,
nothing to do with tiger nuts.
They're a root vegetable.
They're a tuber.
They have a long scientific
name on Wikipedia,
but their nickname's tiger nuts.
I don't know, apparently because
our paleo ancestors thought
they looked maybe
like tiger nuts.
So--
[LAUGHS]
But there are some great
studies on tiger nuts
that show they really
help protect the liver
and they help to detox
the liver as well.
So tiger nuts are really
high potassium and also iron.
So they're said to have the
same amount of iron as red meat.
>> Wow.
>> So they're an excellent iron
source, especially for vegans,
vegetarians.
And so if someone is
going through chemo,
that's a great one to drink
every day is the tiger nut
milk.
And they're quite easy to drink.
You just-- there's a recipe
for it in my book of course.
But you just mix a cup of tiger
nuts with four cups of water
and that's it, that's
all you have to blend,
and it comes out to be this
white, creamy, sweet milk.
It's naturally sweet,
like a sweet potato,
so you don't have to
add anything to it
like you would almond
milk or coconut milk.
It's so sweet and
delicious and refreshing.
>> Great.
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome.
And people can find that
in most supermarkets?
Or I guess online if
they have trouble.
>> Health food
stores, online, yeah.
And they are said to be the
next newest, big superfood,
so we should start to
see them a lot more.
>> Nice.
Number 11 now is ginger.
>> Ginger, yes.
Awesome anti-inflammatory.
So ginger I love to
add to juice or a tea,
and that's something I
have every other day.
When I was healing, I had
ginger all day every day,
because my body was so inflamed.
And especially
because my problems
was in my lymphatic system,
so that's the body's sewage
system, right?
So drinking ginger
helped to drain out
all the toxins from my lymphatic
system and get it going again.
>> That's awesome.
I love it with beet
and carrot and lemon.
That's delicious.
Next up, we have
number 12, grapes.
>> Grapes.
>> A bit surprised to see this
on the list, to be honest.
I mean, the humble grape,
it's made the list.
>> Yeah.
>> Is it the sort of protective
components of the skin
in there, the antioxidant
component, or what is it?
>> It is, yeah.
And it's said to help
with skin cancer a lot,
which skin cancer is the
number one most common cancer
that people are dying
from, which I was also
surprised to find out about.
And I wasn't planning to put
grapes on the list at all,
but after I did the
research, I was like, wow,
those are really--
you know, they've been
studied to protect
the skin, especially.
And they're naturally sweet too.
You know, if we
look at our design,
like our human design and the
foods we were designed to eat,
like grapes were
meant to be our candy.
We weren't ever meant to
make all this crazy candy
and consume that candy.
So that was also
meant to be that like,
wow, I'm just going to pop
a grape, and I'm so happy.
Yeah.
>> And I think we get a feeling
after we've been through
a cleanse.
Then when you approach
a grape or a peach,
it's the most incredible thing
you've ever had in your life,
right?
So bringing that
back is exciting.
I love your enthusiasm.
>> And if someone is excited
about fruits as candy,
then that's a good
indicator that, you know,
you need to do a cleanse so
that you can get excited about
fruits again.
Yeah.
>> True.
Number 13, tomatoes.
>> Tomatoes.
>> We said we weren't
going to say tomatoes.
Sorry, we're both Australians,
we're going to say tomatoes.
>> Tomatoes!
>> Tomatoes.
Cool.
OK.
>> Also a bit controversial.
But from all the
studies I've done,
you know, they're
high in vitamin C
and they do have a lot
of components in it
that really help
with breast cancer
and also skin cancer as well.
So you know, not for
everyone as well,
because it is a night shade
and it can create inflammation
in some people.
But some people can really enjoy
it through juicing or making
a nice tomato sauce.
>> Cool.
I like it.
Number 14, lemon.
>> Good old lemons.
>> The best.
I think there is a lot to
be said about lemon juice
and water as the most important
life changing health habit you
could develop ever.
>> Yeah.
Something to do every morning.
Why is it?
Is it because it's
really alkaline?
Is it because there's
cancer protective components
in the lemon?
>> It's very alkalizing.
It's also high in
vitamin C and it's just
so simple for everyone to make.
It's something that
if someone has cancer
and they don't have a
lot of time or money,
it's something that's very
affordable as well that they
can say, you know what,
I can make a lemon water
this morning.
Just 30 seconds, squeeze a
lemon into two cups of water,
drink it down.
It helps flush out
toxins from the body,
helps flush out the
liver, alkalizes the body.
And no one ever drank lemon
water every single day
for seven days and said
like, I feel awful this week
from drinking lemon
water every day.
>> That's true.
Great observation.
I love that.
So that's number 14.
So I feel like we need
a drum roll right now,
since it's the last one.
[MIMICKING DRUMMING]
It's quinoa, number 15.
Which is cool.
So there's like a pseudo
grain type thing in there.
Is quinoa a grain or a seed?
>> It's a grain.
So there's a grain in there.
>> Very wholesome grain.
So-- and you know, this is
also can be controversial,
so it's worth having the
conversation about quinoa,
like why is it an
anti-cancer food.
And this is helpful
for someone if they've
been diagnosed with
cancer or if they're
wanting to prevent cancer,
but they're very addicted
to things like gluten, breads,
all those kinds of grains
that we know are really heavy
and spike our blood sugar,
and also create a lot
of acidity in the body.
So this is a good
segue grain to help us.
If someone's already
not eating grains,
I wouldn't say like add
a grain into your diet.
Like you're good.
But if you're eating wheat and
the crazy kinds of grains that
have been proven
to cause cancer,
you want to swap that
out with quinoa ASAP,
and that will help
fulfill your body
and nourish your body
so that you're not
craving those crazy grains.
And they've also been
used in indigenous tribes
for a long time.
They use quinoa as a fuel
source for energy for days.
>> I'd like to hear from you
just sort of general sort
of tips and advice in how people
can integrate these 15 foods
into their diet.
You suggest just
buying them all,
putting them in
your refrigerator.
Experimenting,
eating them whole.
Like what-- how
can people do this?
>> Yeah, exactly.
Well, the second half of
my book is all recipes,
so that will help people.
So I would say, for sure,
go out and get the top 15
anti-cancer foods.
Always have them in your
house as a household staple.
You know, why not.
And then there are
recipes in there
to help you put all of
that into your food.
But one great way is just to
make a big smoothie every day
or a big juice
every day, and you
can get a good 10 of the
anti-cancer list in there
as well.
>> That's a great idea.
Very efficient for the
time poor people out there.
>> Yes.
>> Liana, thank you for being
here and sharing your wisdom
with us.
I'm excited about this book.
I'm excited about you helping to
bring more knowledge to people
around eating to
save their life.
And like you said,
cancer is an affliction
that affects many people and
families around the world.
So learning how to eat to help
prevent and reverse cancer
is good work.
So thank you very much.
>> Thanks for having me.
Yeah.
Food matters.
Whoo!
[LAUGHS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]